Docs - Organize wiki , edit text and add meta tags (#365)
iotaledger/integration-services: documentation/docs/examples/update-users.md

---
image: /img/integration-services/logo/integration_services.png
description: The example-2 script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity created in example-0 and then searches for a user and then updates said user's username.
keywords:
- search for users
- update user
- example
- manage identity
---

# Update Users

The [example-2](https://github.com/iotaledger/integration-services/blob/develop/clients/node/examples/2-UpdateUser.ts)
script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity created in [example-0](how-to-run-examples) and then performs the following tasks:

> 1. Search for a user.
> 2. Update said user's username. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Searches for a user.
2. Updates said user's username. 
```
